Document decisions and results (#84)
Music-Bot-for-Jitsi/Jimmi: docs/ARCHITECTURE.md

[Velociraptor](https://deno.land/x/velociraptor) is a script runner for Deno, inspired by NPM's `package.json` scripts. It offers a similar experience but with out-of-the-box support for declarative Deno CLI options, environment variables, concurrency and git hooks.  
In this project we use Velociraptor to have a single command that starts frontend and backend (or other tasks) in parallel.

### Docker

> As an alternative to using the compiled binaries we provide also a setup using Docker (or another container runtime) or Docker Compose. The setup process and all details are described [here](./DOCKER.md) in more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to using the compiled binaries we provide container images that can be used with Docker (or another container runtime). Additionally we provide an example Docker Compose file. The setup process and all details are described [here](./DOCKER.md).
```
